Sparse Group Lasso (#1)
Badr-MOUFAD/benchmark_group_lasso: README.rst

> Benchmark Sparse Group Lasso

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sparse Group Lasso Benchmark
```

============================
|Build Status| |Python 3.6+|

> This benchmark is dedicated to solver of **Sparse Group Lasso problem**. The problem reads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This benchmark is dedicated to the **Sparse Group Lasso**. The optimization problem reads
```
